This repository contains the final output files and visualizations from the 5-fold cross-validation process used in evaluating the performance of the model. The key files and their descriptions are as follows:

- **`com_set_0123.res`**, **`com_set_0124.res`**, **`com_set_0134.res`**, **`com_set_0234.res`**, **`com_set_1234.res`**:
These files contain the output of the testing phase during the 5-fold cross-validation. They serve as input for the `best_mcc.py` script. The general structure of these files is as follows:
  ```sh
  > threshold_value
  TP=..., TN=..., FN=..., FP=..., Q2=..., MCC=...
  > threshold_value
  TP=..., TN=..., FN=..., FP=..., Q2=..., MCC=...
  ```
Each section represents the performance metrics (True Positives, True Negatives, False Negatives, False Positives, Accuracy (Q2), and MCC) at different threshold values.
- **`com_set_0123.png`**, **`com_set_0124.png`**, **`com_set_0134.png`**, **`com_set_0234.png`**, **`com_set_1234.png`**:
These files represent the graphs that have been generated by the `best_mcc.py` script. They plot e-value thresholds against the corresponding Matthews Correlation Coefficient (MCC) values. Each plot represents one of the combined sets from the 5-fold cross-validation, showing how the MCC changes with different e-value thresholds.

### Summary File
- **`out_best.txt`**:
This file contains the optimal threshold values for each validation set. It includes the number of True Positives (TP), True Negatives (TN), False Positives (FP), and False Negatives (FN), along with the metric values for accuracy, MCC, and F1-score. This file summarizes the best performance metrics for each fold in the cross-validation process.

- **`BPTI_vs_Falsenegative.png`**: stucture superimposition using Chimera of the BPTI protein and the false negative.
